---
title: Slider Manager Class
description: 'Provides methods for working with sliders in the Bitrix24 application. It allows opening and closing sliders, as well as managing their content.'
category: 'B24Frame'
navigation.title: Slider
links:
  - label: SliderManager
    iconName: GitHubIcon
    to: https://github.com/bitrix24/b24jssdk/blob/main/packages/jssdk/src/frame/slider.ts
  - label: StatusClose
    iconName: GitHubIcon
    to: https://github.com/bitrix24/b24jssdk/blob/main/packages/jssdk/src/types/slider.ts
---

::warning
We are still updating this page. Some data may be missing here — we will complete it shortly.
::

## Methods

### openSliderAppPage

```ts-type
async openSliderAppPage(params: any = {}}: Promise<any>
```

The `openSliderAppPage`{lang="ts-type"} method allows you to open the current app in a new slider, passing arbitrary parameters.

How it works:

* **Data Passing:** You call the method and pass an object with parameters (e.g., place, action, or id).
* **Processing in the Application:** On the application side, it's most convenient to intercept these parameters through middleware. This allows you to decide which route to display to the user before the page is rendered.
* **Seamless Navigation:** The user sees a new slider with the desired content, while the redirection logic is hidden within the application.

::code-example
---
name: 'frame-slider-app-page-open'
collapse: false
preview: true
b24FrameOnly: true
---
::

### closeSliderAppPage

```ts-type
async closeSliderAppPage(): Promise<void>
```

Closes the slider with the application.

::code-example
---
name: 'frame-slider-app-page-close'
collapse: false
preview: true
b24FrameOnly: true
---
::

### openPath

```ts-type
async openPath(url: URL, width: number = 1640): Promise<StatusClose>
```

Opens the specified path inside the portal in a slider.

Handles errors related to mobile device usage and can open the URL in a new tab if the slider is not supported.

Returns [`StatusClose`{lang="ts-type"}](https://github.com/bitrix24/b24jssdk/blob/main/packages/jssdk/src/types/slider.ts)

| Parameter | Type | Description |
|----|----|----|
| `url` | `URL`{lang="ts-type"} | URL to be opened. |
| `width` | `number`{lang="ts-type"} | Slider width, a number in the range from `1640` to `900`. |

This example demonstrates calling the Bitrix24 slider and handling its closing result.

Key points:

* **Completion handling:** After closing the slider, the SDK returns a status. This allows subsequent operations to be initiated, such as reinitializing application data.

::warning
In some cases, Bitrix24 opens the interface not in the slider, but in a new browser tab.

* **Limitation:** It is virtually impossible to detect the closing of an individual tab using standard JS tools.
* **Solution:** The `isOpenAtNewWindow` parameter in the jsSdk response allows you to determine whether a tab was opened instead of the slider and correctly configure the application's logic.
::

::code-example
---
name: 'frame-slider-open-path'
collapse: true
preview: true
b24FrameOnly: true
---
::

### getUrl

```ts-type
getUrl(path: string = '/'): URL
```
Returns a `URL`{lang="ts-type"} relative to the domain name and path.

```ts
$b24 = await initializeB24Frame()
// ...
const url = $b24.slider.getUrl('/settings/configs/userfield_list.php')
```

### getTargetOrigin

```ts-type
getTargetOrigin(): string
```

Returns the Bitrix24 address (e.g., `https://your_domain.bitrix24.com`).
