---
title: Dialog Manager Class
description: 'Used for displaying standard dialogs.'
category: 'B24Frame'
navigation.title: Dialog
---

::warning
We are still updating this page. Some data may be missing here — we will complete it shortly.
::

## Methods

### selectUser
```ts
async selectUser(): Promise<null|SelectedUser>
```

Displays a standard dialog for selecting a single user.

Shows only company employees.

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to `null` or a [`SelectedUser`](#selectusers) object.

```ts
// ... /////
$b24 = await initializeB24Frame()
// ... /////
const makeSelectUsers = async() => {
	const selectedUser = await $b24.dialog.selectUser()
	$logger.info(selectedUser)
}
```

### selectUsers
```ts
async selectUsers(): Promise<SelectedUser[]>
```

Displays a standard dialog for selecting multiple users.

Shows only company employees.

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to an array of [`SelectedUser`](#selecteduser) objects.

```ts
// ... /////
$b24 = await initializeB24Frame()
// ... /////
const makeSelectUsers = async() => {
	const selectedUsers = await $b24.dialog.selectUsers()
	
	const list = selectedUsers.map((row: SelectedUser): string => {
		return [ `[id: ${row.id}]`, row.name ].join(' ')
	})
	
	$logger.info(selectedUsers, list)
}
```

## Data Types

### SelectedUser

Used to represent information about a selected user in the Bitrix24 application. It contains several fields that describe the user's ID, name, photo, position, and other characteristics.

> The `sub` and `sup` fields help determine hierarchical relationships between the current user and the selected user.

- **`id: NumberString`**: User identifier. Represented as a string containing a numeric value.
- **`name: string`**: Formatted name of the user.
- **`photo: string`**: URL of the user's photo.
- **`position: string`**: User's position in the company.
- **`url: string`**: URL of the user's profile.
- **`sub: boolean`**: Flag indicating that the selected user is a subordinate of the current user. A value of `true` means the user is a subordinate.
- **`sup: boolean`**: Flag indicating that the selected user is a supervisor of the current user. A value of `true` means the user is a supervisor.
